JUNE
Our first day at work was on the 15th of June 2021, an induction was conducted and we learned about everything there 
is to know about ICEP. From Leak Teams, Amazon web service, programs offered at ICEP, and ofcourse ICEP tools. All the
Organization members were properly introduced and everyone got a chance to express themselves in terms of what they 
learned during the induction. 

A week after that we submitted a Work Integraded Learning Form so that we can be able to register IDC30BH and continue
with our work. After that we received an ivitation to a GITHUB Repository, where we will be collaborating and pushing
all our codes there. Some Tutorials were sent to us, further explaining what UML is and why it is important. Overview
of an Angular project was covered and some steps were covered on how to connect and manipulate database using Myphpadmin
and Node.js.

July

Week 5-9
On this week we continued with our registration while starting to work from home at the same time. I registered for Agile 
Foundation course and the first chapter of agile course was sent to us for completion. We also started with AWS educate and 
a progress monitor spreadsheet was sent to us for progress tracking so we could see if we were all doing the work. I managed 
to complete the foundation pathway on the AWS educate this week. 
 
Week 12-16
Chapter 2 of Agile course was made available for this week and the registrations were still on-going. We started with the planning
of the LAB BOOKING SYSTEM and everyone is playing their part. A System development plan was submitted during this week and it had 
some errors which needed to be corrected. The errors were corrected and the plan was submitted, developing the system was our next
task. We received a list of the software we need to install in order to get started with the development process. A chapter was made
available on the Agile course for us to complete.
 
Week 19-23
With some little guidance from our leaders we managed to install all the necessary software we will be using to develop the system. 
We started with the development of the LBS, we received a UML from our BAs, Registration and Login page were the first ones we had to 
implement. We had several sessions correcting the UML and ERD diagrams. We from the developers side had to learn how to use Angular, 
Git bash, and Vs code in order to start with the development of the system. 

The first thing was to clone the repository which was created by our team leader by using Git Commands or cloning to the desktop GitHub
and open the repo with Vs code. I learned some few Git commands in order to be able to track the repo and see who made the changes. 
Between us Developers, there are back-end and front-end developers, we had to communicate effectively to make sure the system was up 
and running. I also managed to complete the cloud computing on AWS Educate.
 
Week 26-30
 After learning all the Git commands and how the Vs code and other modules connect, the coding started!. I was assigned to create a 
 component for a registration page and code the registration page. I created the component to the cloned repo and started with the 
 registration page, I created the form using angular html form controls with some validation. After that I imported the form control 
 and form group modules to the registration backend script to be able to use them. Another front-end developer was assigned to create 
 a login component and create a login form. We had some few errors to correct after that I created the routing between the Login and 
 Registration page in order to be able to navigate between the two pages.

Routing was done and the Login and Registration page were successfully running. I created some functions in the back end of the form 
component to capture input field data and store it in the variables so we can send It to the database. After that the testing was done
and errors were fixed, the system was running fine.  I started with Application development on AWS Educate
 
AUGUST

Week 2-6
On this week we started to attend work at the campus and most of us were not ready but we managed to show up and meet everyone and get 
to know our team members. I had pushed the project which was missing some folders because of Gitingore file. I managed to delete the file 
and push the overall project from my local directory. The forgot password component and form were created, awaiting testing. On our back-end 
the Database, Validation, login and registration pages were up and running. Our Bas had completed the Sequence, ERD, and Use Case diagrams. 

Week 9-13
On this week we managed to create the connection between the front and back-end repositories. We created APIs to connect the two repos, and 
error handling and validation was done on both the front and back-end. We started with the development of home page and also the forgot password
page managed to send the email containing the password for login to the user email address. New AWS course was sent to us to register and I completed
the Agile foundation course this week.

Week 16-20
During this week we implemented Lecturer Registration, login and also Admin login. We created the APIs for them and the Radio buttons we added on the Front
for Student and Lecturer on the Registration page, for Student, Lecturer, and Admin on the login Page. We also Modified the Validation and Error Handling. 
Lab Booking and Profile page were implemented on both the back and front repos, API was created and we managed to retrieve data of only the available labs 
from the database.

Week 23-27
On this week we changed front-end validation in order to support our back-end code, we also created a JWT token which acted as a session to store the details 
of the person who logged in our system on the localStorage. That token was used to show the details of the currently logged in person on the home and profile page.
It will also be used on the booking status page. Booking details page and API was created, we had a problem displaying only the booking details of one person because
of the method we used. 

SEPTEMBER

Week 30-3
During this week we still faced the problem of logging the student number to the console in order to retrieve the booking details of only one user. The Lab booking 
API was changed from working daily to schedule. The View User, View Bookings, and Admin pages were implemented on the front. The Footer was added on all the pages and 
wireframes were modified.
